Update premake5 script, add a script file for linking asi files (#77)
Updated-Classic/gta-reversed-modern: README.md

<details>
<summary>Premake5</summary>

> 1) Execute `premake5.bat` for VS2019, or `premake5.bat vs20xx` for other VS versions. (e.g. vs2022)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Execute `premake5.bat` for VS2019, or `premake5.bat vs20xx` for other VS versions. (e.g: `premake5.bat vs2022`)
```

> Run console (administrator privileges may be needed) and type these commands:
> 
> ```shell
> cd "<PROJECT_PATH>/contrib"
> link_asi.bat "<GAME_PATH>/scripts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a console in the project's directory (administrator privileges may be needed) and type in the following commands:

cd "contrib"
link_asi.bat "<GAME_PATH>/scripts"

Replace `<GAME_PATH>` with the path to GTASA's root directory (eg.: where the `exe` is)
```

You should edit this yourself, because I can't put in the code tag for the bat script
